if the EU has become Julian for 13 years
assange has nothing to say,
then that is the most sincere creed,
that she ever gave up.
because in this case it is only about the surface
Assange.
it's about law,
democracy,
law and freedom.
it is aboutregierungskriminalit and war crimes.
it is about the suppression of critical
Journalism,
the abolition of democratic
rechenschaftspflicht
and the destruction of civil liberties.
with ASOS stands or falls
the basic principle of freedom of the press and democracy.
when the same EU,
the elaborated long-term studies
too crappy plastic lids on milk bags,
too long of all things for 13 years
has nothing to say,
then it could not show more clearly,
for which company
and what values it really stands for.
never forget them,
their freedom has not been defended at the Hindu Kush.
in truth it just goes in the cell of a
British high security prison on the basis of
on 6 square meters.
thank you very much!